1) In the context of Google Cloud Platform, which of the following best describes a resource? Select the correct answer.
-> Any Google Cloud Platform service, such as Compute Engine or BigQuery.
2) Billing Account Users can see budget spend, unlink projects, and enable billing export.
-> False
3) To ensure a reasonable level of redundancy for your billing account, which best practices should you consider following? Select the two correct answers.
-> Grant Billing Admin roles to a Google group or, at a minimum, to two individual Billing Account Admins.
-> Regularly check that there are at least 2 active Billing Account Admins assigned to a Billing Account.
4) What is the function of the Payments Profile? Select the correct answer.
-> A Google-level resource that sits outside of Google Cloud, linked to the Billing Account, and used to manage payment details for several Google Enterprise services.
5) It is recommended that you set up only one Billing Account for your organization. In which two cases might you need more than one Billing Account? Select the two correct answers.
-> To pay invoices in multiple currencies.
-> x To match your organization’s team structure.
6) Once a Billing Account is created for an organization, when a user creates a project, ownership of the project is automatically assigned to the individual user.
-> False
7) How many currencies can a single Billing Account be associated with? Select the correct answer.
-> wrong 2, as many as needed
8) To ensure that Billing Account Admins have access to all of your organization’s billing data in the future for performing deeper data analysis, what task must they complete immediately after setting up a billing account? Select the correct answer.
-> Enable BigQuery export
9) In the context of an Enterprise company, resources should be managed under which top-level node in the resource hierarchy? Select the correct answer.
-> organization
10) Where can you find the breakdown of your GCP costs by project, product, and SKU with forecasted costs and a trend line in one place? Select the correct answer.
-> Billing reports in the GCP Console
